everybody welcome ignorant language
money let's get her plus great runs
rates and Lee
we got the outline of the postage as
Lazarus and who are we missing a lot of
stuff on blue baby Samson
let's do the Samson run we've done boss
rush all we need to do is win by any
means necessary
plz SF z3k a little actually I prefer to
be on LTE uh-huh a little joke for my
telecommunications nerds out there I
don't know what LT e means light
transfer experience largest transfer
experience be fair I don't know what 4G
means either was there ever a time where
we were on 1g do they call it 1g or did
they just call it G and then when there
was 2g
did they ever consider it calling it GGG
so eventually we could get to the point
where we could say Gee Gee Gee Gee baby
baby baby I lived in Korea for a year oh
you'll allow me to make a dated kpop
reference okay I mean if not just allow
but you really can't stop so we did
screw over a deal with the devil chances
here but honestly like some things are
more valuable than a deal with the devil
champs and one of those things is being
able to finish that room before I die of
old age
thanks to these freaking spiders so just
fly around getting behind cover and
annoying the bejesus out of me it's
possible to see we screwed it up oh no
we got lucky and they sort of started
spreading the virus again but if
possible it's better to kill an enemy
that is surrounded by other enemies to
begin our our rooms here because then
the outbreak will spread and we'll be in
a better place as a result you're
probably going down man you missed it
somehow
yeah we've been we've been playing okay
there have been some runs recently where
I've been a little embarrassed by my
play but in a way it's almost I don't
mean this would be like self
what's the we're looking for
self-aggrandizing I guess but it's kind
of had precedents taken away from the
fact that I played a little badly
because of the novelty of being on a new
save file but that is going to wear out
soon if not having worn out already so
we should further buckle off of gaming's
there's no real reason most of the time
to be losing a run in the late game I
still stand by the idea that there's
always an excuse to be losing a run in
the early game with certain characters
you know life comes at you fast if
you're playing as a Judas or you're
playing as even then like a bad even
start blue baby things happen you know I
think that would have done it but to
lose like a run at the very end of the
game due to just bad play is really like
where it all falls apart black bean huh
all-time classic grade item one of the
all-time greats black bean everybody
black bean
students internet Zen nsns sense sense
and I'm not particularly interested in
its effects because it is useless
although I will admit if we're
stretching this out if we're going to
make this full-on ESPN NFL offseason
what does this tweet mean levels of
discourse black bean at least fits into
our plans to have ib bag later we could
theoretically use the black bean to deal
damage every time we get hurt with AI be
back I don't expect it to be reliable
but I do expect it to do something
potentially so can we open this golden
chest up here we can but it'll cost us a
bomb and a bomb and key for a golden
chest is not a bad deal necessarily but
we could use that bomb to just get a
tinted rock instead and you might think
this is silly but I'm actually going to
blow myself up here as well get that
extra
damage bonus take us to 4.5 for the
upcoming boss fight - spirit arts good
payout it gives us the best chance we
could have asked for really to at least
maintain our deal with the devil chance
it's never going to get higher than a
third rate here unless maybe like you
give me the pentagram right off the bat
but I find this probably unlikely one of
these guys are still afflicted with the
outbreak I can't really consciously plan
to use it I think that's too many
spiders one of them is a natural spider
you can tell you know the champion ones
had the same kind of tint to them that
the that the the boss does but then
there's like this guy's lived through
the whole fight he's live longer than
the boss don't take the HP a time
necessary all things considered it's
probably very very unlikely to get more
difficult than a champion rag man so we
should at least count ourselves lucky to
some extent there oh we were so close to
perfection
why instead of like that hello huh we
were so close to bear faction you have
to excuse me from a commentary
standpoint I'm a little distracted
because I I got HBO Canada just now they
got me I'm not going to get on the
soapbox about it but I like Game of
Thrones
I want to watch Game of Thrones as it
comes out dude these are all pretty good
the good news is we only need one of the
flying items so we'll just take spirit
of the night and dark bomb and we beat
the odds of a deal with the devil which
is really nice but let's go back and get
some spirits the only way to get well
the only legal way to watch HBO shows as
they come out in Canada is in to the
best of my knowledge and I did research
it a little bit but there might be I
guess you'd get a VPN or so
like that but I think is to get HBO on
your cable service and then also you can
then watch it on demand on the app that
comes with the movie network in Canada
yeah that's right our movie network is
called the movie network I can't defend
it I'm just telling you like I like it
is but either way so I called my cable
company I don't mind a Tweel's expensive
but I really like HBO and to be honest
with you I do turn on the TV like three
times a week I'm doing like in a
programming assignment or something I
like to have like a bad movie on the
background and the movie network is
great for getting those normally I have
to just turn into the space channel and
then they'll be playing like you know
Prometheus for the 900th time and I'm
like okay let's watch but that's fine by
me but here's what bums me out
it is now 6:00 p.m. that's 9:00 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time Game of Thrones
season 7 episode 1 has started airing on
the East Coast right now it's on West
Coast does an air until 8 p.m. Pacific
time are there ways around this of
course come on your boy grew up in an
answer age I know all about your bear
shares and your lime wires and sorry
Torrance what are those not I know all
about what you're going to suggest to me
as if I've been living under a rock for
a million years I like to support media
creation because I work in the media
creation industry and I have a
disposable income that allows me to you
know support content creators I enjoy
and then be self-righteous about it
afterward however what's up with this
nonsense why can't we watch it all
simultaneously
I'm not saying that necessarily you know
you should wait until 9 p.m. PST and
then put it on you know at midnight and
also at 9 p.m. you know what I mean like
12:00 Eastern is 9 Pacific so I'm not
saying you should just cater to PSD why
not just put it on here at 6 and then
also put it on again at 9 you know a
rewatch I know that they think they
probably have good reasons but I'm here
to tell you as a millennial killing
other industries for doing this sort of
stuff stop that
HBO you're able to survive right now
because you would have unparalleled or
at least for a long time on paralleled
shows you know Curb Your Enthusiasm to
it I just realized literally just now
while I'm talking new curve season
starts in October I'll be able to watch
it as it comes on the air that's sweet
you know what's the other one insecure
great show Silicon Valley's I love it
even though I've only seen like five
episodes of season 3 on an airplane once
I was like I understand the show to some
extent I think it's fun I don't care I
love it anyway what was I saying you got
to stop that I'm a reasonable man
other people are going to resent you for
this decision probably already have and
we're 70s deep on this point and you're
asking people for something that is
unrealistic for them to meet you want to
wait an extra two hours versus the
people that they know who lives slightly
further you know towards the eastern
seaboard than them just because of where
you live the same thing happens on Steam
I'll admit you know things unlock
regionally but
I'd say I still think it's a silly
practice just to release it all at once
you know if it's a retail product and
you've got to fight you know you know
Game Stop is like I don't want this to
be available on Steam eight hours
earlier than it's available in our
storefront I can understand that even
though I do think it's kind of
antiquated but come on HBO this is the
perfect opportunity to mark it and I
genuinely really really like HBO you
know when you get on an airplane and
they got the TV section and it goes like
comedy-drama Air Canada has an HBO
section it's like if I'm on a flight
that I've already watched two movies on
that's the first section I click on what
do you got I'll watch it but you've got
a game of Thrones is the perfect
opportunity to market your service as
like a little Netflix to it to a more
savvy and younger generation you're
really dropping the ball here by making
me wait like it's the freaking Stone Age
now the obvious counter arguments that
is like old blue baby it's the way to L
is through TV show that's a very
dismissive way to look at things in you
know your bones will be blown away on
the ashes of the Mad Max
Mad Max esque Apocalypse although I will
say I love the idea of a Mad Max that's
the mask by Jim Carrey in a Mad Max
universe consider it just give it a shot
that's all I ask
greenlight it make it right now that's a
very bad way to look at things because
on Netflix just move out when it's out
its out your competitors are leaving you
behind here you do have one competitive
advantage though you got Game of Thrones
use it Quinn use I say this is somebody
you just sent you 18 Canadian dollars
this month to watch effectively four
episodes of Game of Thrones that's a
high premium to pay to watch a
television show but you know what not
everybody's going to think it's worth it
I think it's worth it
and if I'm thinking like this you got to
ask yourself you know what is what is
the public and large thing pricing
yourself out of the market with this
with this ridiculous strategy but mostly
I'm just jealous that other people get
to watch it first for reasons that I
feel are illegitimate it also means that
I can't check the skype messages for my
friends until 9 p.m. Pacific Standard
Time when I finished the episode because
who knows if you know someone's just
going to pop in there think of me we're
all watching the episode simultaneously
and go Oh Jon Snow actually became Jon
fire when the zora I came back from the
dead and Klingon Bowl get hype hype
confirmed like I got a self-police now
it's your little finger police they have
come for your on Wed knees kicks like a
weird dead kennedys mixed with the Game
of Thrones reference King's Landing
uber alles King's Landing uber around
anyway is that that's like a four
thousand view YouTube video that one's
going nowhere let's be honest Oh how's
this run looking well actually really
good except for our HP and that's a very
common NL concern because I'm throwing
my HP away on deals with the devil that
don't necessarily garner anything for us
but you know we have roughly I think we
have like eight and a half damage I've
taken a little damage on this floor we
have no space bar item that's a positive
followed by a negative we have no HP but
we do have dark bomb but negative luck
is going to mean that we're probably
less likely to have dark bomb payout
than I'd like because we're not going to
get as many red hearts probably but it
can happen get some spirit hearts there
thanks very much
we have a key I think we should pop hey
what are we on here
bloody caves - okay so we're like right
on schedule I think we should take this
thank you for the half red heart we
don't need that card yeah take two of
diamonds with I don't even think we
should go to the shop on this floor I
think we should save the key and this is
like I'm in full-on using my brain for
actual Isak acumen at the moment see
what we get in here and then you know
play our cards right let's go that's
terrible we should use here's why we
shouldn't spend I want to get everything
I want it all and the easiest way for us
to do that is to make sure that we have
enough money to get an arcade on the
final floor well also you know having
enough money to hopefully donate a
little bit and you know amp up our shops
or these get closer to amping up our
shops and this actually gives us the
leeway of which we were so desirous
fantastic what helps you watch on idea
what it was HBO have it's Curb Your
Enthusiasm if I travel back in time I
can watch the Larry Sanders show one of
my you know if by the way if you got
it's time and I'm pressing that because
I have respect for your time there's
unlimited media out there today we
talked about us on the analyst that's
many many times but there's literally
used to be you know in like the year
2003 it was like you have to watch this
TV show because 90% of TV shows are
garbage
so this one's not garbage you got to see
it this is why like everybody in my peer
group watched Arrested Development you
know it was a good comedy on television
like primetime television what is going
on the breath of fresh air we're spoiled
now I'm going to say you're spoiled now
but I know that was I'm spoiled now as
well oh look
80% of TV is great and look at the
reviews for a TV show if it's like oh
the average 491 I'm like put it on the
maybe pile
right
we're in a golden age so I have respect
for your time I hate when people it's
totally fine to recommend something but
then when they check back later in that
exit you watching nah I haven't seen it
literally what you've given me is late
you should really watch let's say
Breaking Bad as an example you should
watch Breaking Bad it's a wonderful show
you know Breaking Bad is a wonderful
show because the internet has not had
Breaking Bad backlash yet you know how
good a media property has to be to be
universally beloved and not have edge
lords come out of the woodwork and be
like well actually it's not that they
solo they stole a lot of the ideas from
you know
bla bla bla you the idea that's how good
it is is that it is conquered cynicism
mostly that's all you can ever ask for
that's incredible
if I said hey you should watch Breaking
Bad and then three months later I come
back and I go how about that Breaking
Bad and you go I didn't watch it I have
no right to be you know even the
slightest bit perturbed there's like
technically six seasons of Breaking Bad
every episode is like an hour long I
just gave you like a thirty hour task
and then we're supposed to just be like
thanks for the recommendation that's a
long task it's enjoyable admittedly but
you know again oh sorry I can't watch
Breaking Bad I'm already watching these
other shows that God put on my to-do
list because somebody else recommended
them how I feel when people recommend
you know I watched 1995 ghost in the
shell' and I watched your name Kim you
know Gnawa I watched spirited away and
then people started coming out of the
woodwork and they're like you know you
should watch like this 38 season anime
and I'm like that's you would it's not
possible you've unlocked necropolis
that's the first time we fought sup the
gate I guess we should go back to the
item room I've seen I've seen a few more
animated movies sometimes I call I go a
listen anime oh would you see let's look
ghost in the shell' oh well that's not
an anime that's just a Japanese animated
movie no winning is there I'm just
sarcastic mostly but I don't know I feel
like recommendations made more sense
when I was younger because a lot of
media without a lot some media was trash
if you ever go back like the 1980s look
at like rotten tomato scores and stuff
like that I know I know we Rotten
Tomatoes but anyway I digress you know
there are a lot of movies that were just
garbage
they've got like wide theatrical
releases that never happens anymore but
it happens ran orally now and I'm not
talking about movies that are like you
know transformers I'll go to bed for
railing on transformers I hate it
however transformers has some appeal to
certain group of society I thought my
movies like Avalanche famously Lampoon
on this new season in Mystery Science
Theater 3000 by the way if you get
twenty hours and you enjoyed the earlier
seasons of Mystery Science Theater don't
hesitate the new season I was as
skeptical as anybody else that a
rebooted Mystery Science Theater would
have the same level of charm it totally
works
like I'm not even telling like it
doesn't 80% work after like the first 15
minutes of the first episode it is just
Mystery Science Theater 3000 anyway
slide my Avalanche movie nobody asked
for it nobody likes came out probably in
like you know fifteen hundred theaters
that doesn't happen that much anymore
maybe new underworld movies oh I'm sorry
I'm sorry
anyway I'm just I don't know where I
came up with this place or whoa I got on
this tangent I just said media
recommendations I get like really I
guess I get really Larry David II about
because it's just too much there's too
much to watch I was there with like when
I was with my parents like three weeks
ago kept asking have you seen this show
have you seen this show have you seen
this show eventually I had to just
basically come out with like a blanket
statement and be like I haven't seen any
shows i watch Game of Thrones
I watched admittedly like seven seasons
of The Good Wife over the course of 18
months and I enjoyed almost every darn
minute of it except after season five of
Tanks pretty badly anyway and then I
watch whatever movie the space channel
has on between the hours of 8:00 to like
1:00 a.m. on Friday nights
that's my level of program censor I
watched the first three seasons of
orange is the new black but that was
like three years ago now I'm not above
media you know I know what I like I
think I don't know dude I ate this I
paid it forward for me to get something
out of this donation machine we've
effectively got more than 51 cents I
know it says we've got 51 cents that's a
lie we have more than 51 cents because
we have the two of diamonds but they
won't let me donate so now I feel
compelled against my will now we got
some do the rapid fire here though I
feel compelled against my will to go to
the hush fight just so I can donate this
ridiculous sum of money I'm just going
to level with you we don't really have
the kind of run where it's like
guaranteed that we can beat the hush why
did I think that we had 10 damage when
we have oh you know what we have good
damage but we haven't been hit on this
floor so bloody loss hasn't pockets and
we've got liberty cap giving us skinny
odd mushroom which is a damage downgrade
so that's that's our problem right there
take the negative dude absolutely takes
in robes I think that gives us the Whore
of Babylon state we don't want any of
that that's junk look for tinted rocks
and then run
well actually you know what it's not
junk because the unicorn horn is not
that good I'd rather teleport and then
possibly I mean I do want to keep that
room but possibly get an arcade although
I can't see how much HP we have right
now we know we have at least three black
cards backing us up so we can gamble on
a blood bank a little bit to see if we
get Whore of Babylon hedge our bets
actually we're at maximum HP so I don't
know what I was worried about I was too
busy focusing on you know media I don't
think it's selfish to give a media
recommendation if you flash back to an
episode of the NL SS I think I actually
said it's selfish to give a media rip
recommendation but that's just because
I'm playing a you know characterized
version of myself on the analyst s you
know I'd take my opinions extrapolated
them to the extreme however I still you
know whenever someone goes you should if
someone goes you should watch this and I
tune it out usually it's just too much
I might have say watching TV is too much
work that's an intellectually dishonest
distillation to my point I'm just saying
that watching things takes a long time
you know if you're like you should watch
those movies two hours long that's
easier to sell me on there's a lot of
movies that fit the bill there for me
I've never seen the Shawshank Redemption
I just put it on never seen Schindler's
List just put it on I haven't gotten
around to it but you know you just put
it on and nourish it will carry you the
rest of the way but when it comes to
like TV shows I feel like everybody
disagrees with me on this point but then
if someone were to recommend them a book
they'd immediately be like I don't have
that kind of time all you should really
read like is then in the art of
motorcycle maintenance recommending a
book what are you talking about that's
ridiculous
I'm talking about television here I
don't think television rots your brain
I'm just saying they're in the same
ballpark in terms of time investment at
this point
I've also never read zen and the art of
motorcycle maintenance but I know a lot
of people who have I'm not sure it's the
kind of book for me but I could be wrong
it is it is well-loved for a reason I'm
judging it based on a based on an
indirect access anyway what am I even
talking about dude I still I'm kind of
amazed that there's like no Netflix for
audiobooks everybody's jumping out of
their chair right now what about
audibles audibles I have inaudible
accounts and I buy things on audible I'm
listening to a book right now called
algorithms to live by it's interesting I
give it I probably give it a three you
know tying into a previous discussion I
didn't if you went oh my god just
remember I don't think three is a bad
score three is like worth I'm not
disappointed that I spend my time
listening to this anyway
audible is not quite there you feel like
you know maybe I'm missing it but I'm
buying books a la carte and they're
pretty pricey
maybe like the book publishing industry
you know they have banded together to
form like an anti Netflix of books
cartel to keep revenues high I don't
know maybe maybe not I don't know
anything about this side of the industry
let's be honest I've also never been
sponsored by audible I don't know what's
up with that
hey audible here let me do my audible
pitch to you this is this is just a demo
reel I'll do one for all the ones that
sponsor youtubers mm-hmm this episode of
The Binding of Isaac is brought to you
by audible visit audible.com use keyword
Northern Line and get 10% off your first
audiobook download hey everybody thanks
for watching thanks to Squarespace for
sponsoring this episode if you're
looking to create a website easily with
no technical knowledge required
Squarespace is the platform for you go
to Squarespace com type in the code n
LSS
for your first month free what's up boys
big ups to G fuel for hooking me up fat
in this everything all right I'm just
saying there's only like a few companies
that sponsor youtubers I don't know yeah
I haven't managed to get in touch with
the audible the Squarespace people who
else is there
you know the Casper mattress company
[Music]
there's more that I'm not thinking of
has Soylent done it yet
Soylent will do it for me because I
don't have the Soylent to contain I
don't embody the Soylent lifestyle oh
thank you very much maybe one day keep
grinding out the 70 minute walks and
I'll get this the Soylent contract Moe
Tom we're over the Tomo Waco he hates
that there's a true Tomo who's sleeping
under doodoo oh did you do all the other
donate exactly two cents
sure
okay basically trash we don't have many
flies let's go for $3 bill do we have
keys for sale yes we do
yeah this is a Nintendo thing is it
because I have said the f-word in videos
before whoa that's a shots being a half
the charge bars are very strange with
this I guess I just have to wait for the
charge bar to appear and then the shot
to fire
I got a rhythm now like Rodgers and
Hammerstein oh wait
Gershwin holland-dozier-holland - one
drop on Sonoma load explode on Edward
Hawthorne please I'm not going to use
all of our magic fingers plays yet I
want to use them of course but I'm not
going to use them until we've taken as
much damage as it looks like we're
likely to take and then I can use them
to be more efficient every single time
instead of taking you know no half
measures is what I'm trying to get at
here and now who the heck is
holland-dozier-holland uh
holland-dozier-holland you recognize
this Goong Goong Goong Goong that's
right the be my baby drum intro
popularized by songwriters
holland-dozier-holland
Motown songwriters in the 1960s or as I
like to call it the 70th the seventh
decade there you go see what is joking
there about you know it's always it's
strange to learn it as a kid when you're
like the eighteen hundred's of the 19th
century what a country we don't call the
70s that you know the eighth decade the
eighth decade of the 20th century
actually sometimes documentaries do that
when they're trying too hard
magic fingers did nothing for us here we
could still die we're fighting back
we really shouldn't oh we can fire like
crazy now great shot
can't deny it kind of getting mine
flooded by the number of objects on the
screen right now
help okay starting to get a little
afraid oh look at that damage bonus oh
that was like the terminal damage but
huge
we're gonna get it we're gonna get it
and not in like a gonna get it like
we're gonna die and be punished sorta
way let's go hey thanks for watching
enjoy yepez old wait wait we still going
I'm not going to the Delirium fight I'm
not going I forgot this doesn't end it
anymore because we've unlocked this
where do you think you're going mr.
really we're still in a good spot I wish
I hadn't taken so much damage but it was
unintentional it's not like I just got
super lazy about it literally my brain
could not process the number of flashing
lights they're Moore's law does not
apply to me the only law that applies to
my brain is Alan Moore's law which is
the law that your protagonist should
always be a relatively bad dude himself
to call into question you know the moral
fiber of characters as being black and
white actually like want to lower our
shot speed by a factor of about a
thousand we could get to the point where
our shots actually hung out on top of
enemies hitboxes for longer than like a
millisecond would be a very happy boy
thank you for the HP I do appreciate it
you know what thank you for the HP yet
again we struggled a little bit on the
hush fight but apart from that very very
solid run and you know what we've been
getting good momentum we've been taking
things off the to-do lists that are not
easy you know a hush fight not easy not
the hardest task in the game but not
easy and I like the I like the idea that
actually lowers our speed excuse me that
also lowered our speed we must have had
the right kind of mushroom to get a
speed upgrade and that just it clouded
the statistical analysis there I do see
that there's a dark bum gettable red
heart back there yeah we'll probably go
back for that because a couple bad hits
and my mom might get scared and move
meet with my auntie and uncle in bel-air
which doesn't sound so bad
let's just wait it out for a minute here
maybe we'll maybe we'll lose all desire
to get a more HP because we'll stomp on
these enemies it's easy to kill them
when they're in the corners like that's
automatic
be careful what makes you larger that's
no good just asking for like two Spears
if we can get to spirit arts I'm a very
happy boy right now I don't think the
bombs are going to do anything for me so
yeah of course hit me up on Twitter I
think it's called a Twinner
that's a new site I've invented and it's
for people who like to eat tuna for
dinner not just like you know now and
then Wow
but but like literally every night so
hit me up on Twitter it's an app I've
invented it takes a photo of you and
then creates a gender bend version of it
and then gives you a yes or no question
of would you smash hit me up on Twitter
it's a social network I've invented that
only twins and people who love them can
go to so you got a it's like you're a
cop you got to tell me if you're not a
twin you can't be on the website
stealing I don't give you my permission
so I'm a little scared where we are on
one spear at heart very very strong like
how much you want to make it bet I could
throw a football over them mountains
however strong doesn't mean that much if
we got no
we got no HP backing us up I shouldn't
have even walked through that that could
have been dicey
watch out you got scatter bombs you got
to be careful about those no red hearts
huh okay okay I mean we do have monkeys
pause so really all we need is to get
like HP and then after we get hit we'll
get HP back at least a few times so we
just need the first hit there I really
thought we just died
I kind of I felt like a like a flash of
energy just went through my chest like
you idiot you just got yourself killed
hey but thankfully no such luck see wait
wait oh you got to be on a half heart to
make monkey spall work I got cocky
before I knew the reality of the
situation okay we've gone through the
actual hard part
as long as our speed is high enough to
take us to the other side in time we
should be fine here yeah yeah is the
accidental but also intentional credit
Chili Peppers reference there because I
was alive in 1999 and that song came out
you're done you're done you're dusted we
win another close one that no reason to
be closed bloody love sysm now we can
get it on other characters
and also the polaroid we must have
filled in the entire polaroid and get
you know lots of other challenges
unlocks as well hey sweet four guides
den had a moustache thanks for watching
hope you guys enjoy the episode if you
did click the like button outside a
great deal of course subscribe you wanna
see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time